Motion Amendments 2019 - External Staff (#33)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/motions/02.2019.1 - Definitions.md

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Board Member</td>

>       <td>A Member of the WCA Board of Directors. Board Members have Voting Rights.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
      <td>A Member of the WCA Board of Directors. Board Members are WCA Staff Members with Voting Rights.</td>
```
